hey how's it gone Dave 2d here this
right here is what I would consider
Google's best accessory for students
it's essentially a speaker with a screen
it's nothing new we've seen that before
but what makes this thing special is the
Google assistant that's running on this
whole device and how it integrates
everything with your Google Apps and
stuff like that but the best feature
about this product is its price and
that's basically why I even made this
video this thing goes for $200 and it's
not cheap but for what you're getting
and what you can do with this thing I
think it's a steal now there's two
versions of this there's an 8 inch
version and a 10 inch version which is
quite a bit bigger and the big
difference between the two is the screen
size obviously the 10 inch version is
higher res and has slightly bigger
speakers but it goes for 250 this one
goes for 200 I think at Costco you can
actually get the 10 inch version for 200
as well but even if they were the same
price if they were both the exact same
price I would personally opt for the 8
inch version I like the smaller form
factor and I don't find that the screen
resolution is that different like
visually they look quite similar to me
now I'm gonna talk about the speaker I
don't want to oversell it because
there's gonna be Auto files out there
that just hate the way this thing sounds
but I actually think they sound quite
good at least better than I thought they
would and better than they thought they
should considering their price as decent
body not a ton of bass but it'll
comfortably fill your room with music
and it connects us stuff like google
music YouTube music Spotify all your
regular stuff for Google home devices to
connects you the other thing missing
features is a screen now this screen is
what differentiates this product from
stuff like the Google home speaker or
the Google home acts or basically any
kind of smart speaker having a screen
like this brings another layer of
functionality if you consider its price
like 200 bucks you can buy a Google home
for 120 bucks this is $80 horan brings
so much more to the table so you can use
it for google assistant stuff like
asking for weather or traffic or unit
conversions setting your schedule for
alarms or timers setting reminders the
utility for students is endless on this
thing and if you're not using it for any
of those Google services you can just
have it on your table as a clock and it
looks pretty good
and having as a music player with good
speakers there's just so much going on
for it
now you can also play videos on it that
Ruth is I don't love it as a video
player like if you know exactly what you
want to watch on YouTube it's good for
that but it's not great for discovery
and it's also difficult to navigate
around in YouTube through the voice
interface the ads for this product from
Lenovo showcase a lot of people using it
for recipes and stuff like video recipes
I'm not someone that does that very
often so I can't really comment on that
but just in terms of video consumption
just like watching videos it's pretty
good for that as well the webcam
features I don't really like them so the
weird thing is that they're touting this
thing as like being great for a
webcaming
and you can put it into a vertical
position the idea is cool but I
personally prefer using my phone for
that there's something about having a
static location and a static angle for
that webcaming that isn't great for me
personally it does have this physical
slider for the camera that you can use
to cover it up for privacy reasons which
is kind of cool but the overall product
is really really useful for the price
like 200 bucks isn't pocket change but
you get a lot of utility on this thing
your speaker get a screen video player
all the good stuff that comes with
Google assistance put it this way I have
access to the home pod the Google home
acts a regular Google home and I've put
all of those away in exchange for the 8
inch Lenovo smart display it's just so
much nicer to be able to interact with
your Google assistant with a visual
representation of what you're
interacting with it makes a big
difference in terms of utility and I
think for students it's something that
can can make a big difference in how you
kind of go through your school day ok
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
you